Fix origin ca docs (#2012)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: docs/resources/origin_ca_certificate.md

Provides a Cloudflare Origin CA certificate used to protect traffic to your origin without involving a third party Certificate Authority.

> **This resource requires you use your Origin CA Key as the [`api_user_service_key`](../index.html#api_user_service_key). No values should be specified for `api_token` or `email` and `api_key`.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This resource requires you use your Origin CA Key as the [`api_user_service_key`](../index.html#api_user_service_key) value.**
```
